Make `$$` documentation more precise. (#1926)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/parsing.rst

    ``self``.

``$$``
    Inside field attributes, ``$$`` refers to the value as it was
    parsed. Inside field hooks, ``$$`` refers to the final value
    *after* any conversions are applied (see
    :ref:`attribute_convert`). This applies even if the value is not
    going to be directly stored in the field. The value of ``$$`` is
    writable and may be modified.

.. note::

   ``$$`` has slightly different semantics in a field attribute and
   in a hook. In an attribute, ``$$`` refers to the parsed value
   *before* any conversions. In a hook, ``$$`` refers to the final

>    value *after* any conversions.

Author: This note is slightly redundant with the explanation in `$$`, but I think it's worth it to hammer the point home. It also introduces the difference in terms from "parsed" and "final" value.

``on <field name> foreach { ... }`` (container hook)
    Assuming the specified field is a container (e.g., a vector), this
    executes each time a new container element has been parsed, and
    just before it's been added to the container. The element's final
    value is accessible through the ``$$`` identifier, and can be

>     modified before it's stored. The hook implementation may also use

Author: This is the main place that referring to `$$` as the "final" value is confusing - it says it's the element's final value, then says it can be modified before it's stored. Just a slight bit of confusion

>     value is accessible through the ``$$`` identifier, and can be
>     modified before it's stored. The hook implementation may also use

Reviewer: What do you think about this:

```suggestion
    value is accessible through the ``$$`` identifier, although it can be
    further modified before it's stored. The hook implementation may also use
```
